Add documentation for `AssertSameRelationship` logical plan (#522)
neo4j/docs-cypher: modules/ROOT/pages/execution-plans/operators.adoc

======

[[query-plan-assert-same-relationship]]
== Assert Same Relationship
// AssertSameRelationship

The `AssertSameRelationship` operator is used to ensure that no relationship property uniqueness constraints are violated in the slotted and interpreted runtime.

> The example looks for the presence of a _works in_ relationship with the supplied _id_ and _badge number_.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The example looks for the presence of a `WORKS_IN` relationship with the supplied  `id` and `badgeNumber`.
```

> The example looks for the presence of a _works in_ relationship with the supplied duration and title, for a specific person and location.
> If part of the pattern can't be found, then it will be created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The example looks for the presence of a _works in_ relationship with the supplied duration and title, for a specific person and location.
```

I couldn't really make sense of this, because the query does not seem to be supplied with a duration or a title.

Author: I updated the data but did not update the description, _sigh_.
No wonder you couldn't make sense of it, it is nonsense!
Good catch, will update, thanks.

> Owing to the existence of two property uniqueness constraints on `:WORKS_IN(duration)` and `:WORKS_IN(title)`, any relationship that would be found by the `DirectedRelationshipUniqueIndexSeek` operator must be the very same relationship or the constraints would be violated.

Author: Same here
